README.md, before:

# 2DAW_DWEC
All Web Development Client Environment (WDCE or DWEC) exercices of 2DAW

For a better experience, you can see the [documentation](https://dainws.github.io/2DAW_DWEC/docs)

## Desarrollo Web en Entornos Cliente

Módulo Desarrollo Web en Entornos Cliente del CFGS Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Web - IES Francisco Ayala (Granada)

### Secuencia de Temas
- Unit 1. Introduction to web programming
- Unit 2. JavaScript built-in objects
- Unit 3. Functions, Arrays and user defined objects
- Unit 4. How to interact with the user?: Events & Forms
- Unit 5. Document Object Model (DOM).
- Unit 6. Asynchronous communication mechanisms.
- Unit 7. JavaScript Libraries & Frameworks
- Unit 8. JavaScript on the server: Node
- Unit 9. JavaScript Frameworks II

### Projectos
- [Unit 3. RockPaperScissors](https://github.com/DainWs/2DAW_DWEC/tree/master/1Trimestre/Unit-3/Projects/RockPaperScissors)

> Author: [Jose A. Piñero Berbel](https://github.com/jpineroberbel) - [Exercises repository](https://github.com/jpineroberbel/Desarrollo-Web-en-Entornos-Cliente)

Commit message:

dependencies and documentation on README

README.md, after:

# 2DAW_DWEC
All Web Development Client Environment (WDCE or DWEC) exercices of 2DAW

For a better experience, you can see the [documentation](https://dainws.github.io/2DAW_DWEC/docs)

The documentation was made with **Phantom by HTML5 UP**.

## Used Libraries
### Geography
- [Here](https://developer.here.com/)
### Events
- [Hammer](http://hammerjs.github.io/)

## Desarrollo Web en Entornos Cliente

Módulo Desarrollo Web en Entornos Cliente del CFGS Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Web - IES Francisco Ayala (Granada)

### Secuencia de Temas
- Unit 1. Introduction to web programming
- Unit 2. JavaScript built-in objects
- Unit 3. Functions, Arrays and user defined objects
- Unit 4. How to interact with the user?: Events & Forms
- Unit 5. Document Object Model (DOM).
- Unit 6. Asynchronous communication mechanisms.
- Unit 7. JavaScript Libraries & Frameworks
- Unit 8. JavaScript on the server: Node
- Unit 9. JavaScript Frameworks II

### Projectos
- [Unit 3. RockPaperScissors](https://github.com/DainWs/2DAW_DWEC/tree/master/1Trimestre/Unit-3/Projects/RockPaperScissors)

> Author: [Jose A. Piñero Berbel](https://github.com/jpineroberbel) - [Exercises repository](https://github.com/jpineroberbel/Desarrollo-Web-en-Entornos-Cliente)
